OpenStack import image-based VMs (#412)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/adding-source-provider.adoc

You can add an {osp} source provider by using the {ocp} web console.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> When you migrate an image-based VM that has an {osp} source provider, both the original VM and an identical copy of it are migrated to the destination provider, so you must delete one of them.

Reviewer: yeah, @RichardHoch @bennyz how about:
```suggestion
When you migrate an image-based VM from an {osp} provider, a snapshot is created for the image that is attached to the source VM and the data from the snapshot is copied over to the target VM. This means that the target VM will have the same state as that of the source VM at the time the snapshot was created.
```
